sentence	subj_idx	verb_idx	verb_pos	verb	inflected_verb
a priest explains that the stone is from the blood of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
the american federation of musicians recording ban ends , and the union becomes an integral part of the american music industry .	11	12	VBZ	becomes	become
another interpretation , amongst NNS , is that the phrase refers to the established church of england .	9	10	VBZ	refers	refer
perhaps in the sense that the tracks are new recordings , not necessarily of original material .	6	7	VBP	are	is
some supports act as a NN to prevent JJ materials from NN .	1	2	VBP	act	acts
the NNS of the region are generally distinct from those of the south and of the urban areas of the american northeast .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the village even has a JJ channel from the sea for easy fishing and transportation access in ancient times .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
physician writers are physicians who write RB in fields outside their practice of medicine .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some NNS explain this NN by arguing that middle NNP languages were built on a JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	explain	explains
this product is notable and well known .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but , and here is the key issue , email is RB JJ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's novel the NNP case ( 1917 ) is about a physician who is VBN after performing NN on his dying NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
in bad fur day , don NNP also appeared in the NNP variant of NNP , in which he is again conducting a robbery of the NNP reserve bank , although the layout is much different .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
your understanding of the purpose of these NNS , and also what constitutes their violation , is at NN with virtually everyone commenting in this space .	1	12	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
the criteria states ; `` if reliable sources cover the person only in the context of a particular event , and if that person otherwise remains , or is likely to remain , low profile , then a separate biography is unlikely to be VBN .	39	40	VBZ	is	are
measurement of JJ NN is a JJ test for JJ NN , including JJ NN disease .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
per the gfdl , a merge requires a redirect to be left behind .	5	6	VBZ	requires	require
in the united states , its main JJ competitors include NNP NNP NNP , a subsidiary of NNP ; and NNP hill education , a division of the NNP hill companies , inc .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
oppose NNP in NN indicates candidate is not yet prepared to handle many daily admin tasks .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this JJ NN occurs in the NNP languages and also in old chinese .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
this award VBZ outstanding papers concerning clinical results and techniques .	1	2	VBZ	recognises	recognise
another JJ practice , known as NN of responsibility , operates by VBG the relationship between actions and the effects they cause .	2	10	VBZ	operates	operate
since the original university VBN , both the new universities are NNS of the original one .	9	10	VBP	are	is
examples include protein NN , chemical reactions and NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
other communities surrounding the NNP arm include mount NNP , NNP arm south , NNP harbour , hughes brook , NNP , meadows , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
JJ NNP species look very similar .	2	3	VBP	look	looks
legend claims that the art is over 800 years old , passed down from generation to generation .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
their habitat is JJ areas and sometimes JJ NNS , generally JJ , and sometimes in towns .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his name is actually a NN word , VBP the first two letters are from his father NNP , and the last three from his mother , margaret NNP .	12	13	VBP	are	is
maybe he thinks that one user has to be blocked for every NN who is blocked or warned .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
south of NNP the road is for a distance before rising to as it passes NNP , after which it VBZ the national speed limit ( ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this type of forest shows no substantial seasonal behavior .	1	4	VBZ	shows	show
the issue here is that none of it is sourced , and that can be problematic in a blp ( in fact , the edits appear to have actually removed a half dozen of the source links that were previously there .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the body of the pump is often in open connection with the NN side of the pump .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the talk page discussion seems to be making progress .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
despite these challenges , NNP people continue to practice many elements of their traditional culture with much success .	5	6	VBP	continue	continues
the ring of truth ( 2001 ) mick is on 9 of the 12 songs .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
king NNP ( CD ad ) , the most influential of these physicians , wrote the NNP NNP , a comprehensive manuscript which sri NNP physicians still use today for reference .	25	27	VBP	use	uses
the main entrance is in farm street , but it can also be accessed from the its mount street entrance .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i 've seen topic NNS being VB if the editor VBZ an article during the ban .	9	10	VBZ	touches	touch
he described the group 's sound as `` russian submarine music '' , explaining that the record VBZ a lot more voice than the guitar , the result VBG like a choir performing underwater .	16	17	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
VBN men 's living NNS are often detailed in fiction in a way in which women 's NNS are not .	17	18	VBP	are	is
in NNP , switzerland , the draw takes place for the knockout round of 16 of the uefa champions league and round of 32 of the uefa cup .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
stations for the vessel from date of transfer until 1895 and a permanent station include marking wolf trap NN from december 10 , 1893 until march 16 , 1884 after a NN explosion had disabled NNP on august 28 , 1893 and that vessel was withdrawn for repair .	0	14	VBP	include	includes
the line is JJ , an JJ NN of NN , but at the same time full of dramatic images of NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
strong keep - the new inline disambiguation on civil religion explains that civic religion is an extreme form of the former .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the wikipedia article on the NNP theorem on the other hand presents it as if the NN values always VBP the classical JJ laws .	2	11	VBZ	presents	present
most species are rather small varying from 4 to 15 NNS in size .	1	2	VBP	are	is
these standards are generally the same for such elements as track gauge , scale ratio , NNS , and electrical power and differ for NNS and other factors that are specific to the prototype being VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the section is a summary of an article about an NNP raid .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a hand such as is an JJ straight ( also known as `` broadway '' or `` royal straight '' ) , and ranks above a JJ straight such as .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in india , parents often place JJ ads in newspapers or online , and may post the NNS of the JJ bride or NN .	3	5	VBP	place	places
the surrounding district is mainly agricultural and pastoral , producing NNS , VB , cotton , olive oil , cattle , sheep , NNS , NNS and NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
given that foundation staff and NNS are legally VBN not to do content work , any new work on the encyclopedia falls to us , the volunteers .	17	21	VBZ	falls	fall
the only edition available is an iso image around CD NNP .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
their patient is the home secretary - and they both have very good personal reasons to want him dead .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school 's origins date back to the eighth century , when a tradition of education in NNP was begun by st NNP .	3	4	VBP	date	dates
the significant expansion and cleanup required , along with the fact that no editor has explicitly expressed NN to do the required work , makes it very unlikely that this can be brought up to ga standard within reasonable time .	2	24	VBZ	makes	make
list of songs about NN has rather flexible NN .	0	5	VBZ	has	have
the position of the first image ( before the NN ) is unfortunate - it needs to be to the right of the text .	1	15	VBZ	needs	need
filmed in northern uganda over a period of three years , the story follows the journey of a group of former child soldiers as they undergo a process of trauma therapy and emotional healing while in a rehabilitation center .	12	13	VBZ	follows	follow
other NNS are active in NNP , principally amongst the welsh NNS as well as lutheran and muslim places of worship in NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
others may incorporate NNP into a more supernatural NN in which the NNP NNS are more JJ to angels than physical aliens ; this distinction may be a little VBN within the overall NN .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the monthly minimum fee is a way to ensure that merchants pay a minimum amount in fees each month to cover costs from the provider to maintain the account .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
earlier today i had basically come to the conclusion that i should simply leave the issue alone and allow the information to be removed from the article , even though i completely disagree that the source is unreliable .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
NNP station has CD free car parking spaces .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in the first two expressions a is the base , and the number of times a appears is the height ( add one for x ) .	12	16	VBZ	appears	appear
imo , the article is quite far away from fa standards and i would VB the nominator to withdraw the fa nomination and instead , start a peer review , where further suggestions for improvements can be requested .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the day of judgment or NNP , NN , is one of the six articles of faith in islam .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP grave ( CD , relocated 1960 ) relocated to a position in front of the NN , the grave marks the tragic death of a child VBN by a snake on a nearby property .	19	20	VBZ	marks	mark
a JJ NN is a tool generally used by NNS to cut fabric .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the club colours are green and red and the club grounds are called kelly NNP park .	2	3	VBP	are	is
please note that the creators never finished the series , so NNP 's fate remains a mystery to this day .	13	14	VBZ	remains	remain
a water body that bore the NN of industrial pollution a decade ago , the NNP lake , north of chennai , has today made an ecological NN , recording NN levels well within JJ limits .	2	22	VBZ	has	have
assisted by various coaches , the manager sets the line-up and starting pitcher before each game , and makes NNS throughout the game .	6	7	VBZ	sets	set
its name stands for `` NNP and NNP '' , the name of founder NNP and a partner NNP .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
the other guidelines are that the episodes should progress to show john NNP 's and helena russell 's relationship develop and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when the state , local , or federal government takes private property that has water rights associated with private ownership , the value of that property is significantly affected by its water rights .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take
according to the 2001 census , the village has a population of 27 people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the critics claim that papers have not been written , but i have uploaded hundreds of papers .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
all other NNS have access to nearly comprehensive services , excluding some NN care .	2	3	VBP	have	has
it is usually VBN with NN and NN with NN or chicken , in a NN sauce - a JJ version is also available .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
these studies try to determine whether violations or exceptions might exist for well-known physical laws such as special NN ) and NNP NN , as predicted by some variations of quantum gravity , string theory , and some alternatives to general NN .	1	2	VBP	try	tries
the NNP contrast set JJR NNS the task of learning from contrast sets as a tree search problem where the root node of the tree is an empty contrast set .	21	25	VBZ	is	are
the groups usually consist of a JJ couple and their offspring .	1	3	VBP	consist	consists
the four new houses are columbia ( red ) , NNP ( blue ) , challenger ( yellow ) and discovery ( green ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the JJ shell has a JJ shape .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
is there anyway we can modify the template so it displays the amount of NNS of NN a user wants .	18	19	VBZ	wants	want
the animal remains belong to red fox , spotted NN , brown bear , wolf , lion , NN , NNS , NNS and etc .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
cultural sites within the zone include the original cultivation ground of the NNP ( NNP ) tea variety , and a villa retreat used by NNP xi , a JJ NN NN of the NN or southern song empire .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
a popular story holds that NNP studied NN with renowned NNP NNP NNP NNP NNP after being thrown down twice in a casual match with that master outside a NN .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the village 's calendar of cultural events includes a visit of the most famous JJ sites .	3	7	VBZ	includes	include
most famous participant in the war is johnny NNP , who on september 25 , 1875 , kills james NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's name is well known in the story of the 1970 marshall NNP NNP football team .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN really should have specified which kinds of NNS are to be used .	7	10	VBP	are	is
NNP 's way of communication is a problem .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the inscription , in rather difficult latin , describes his career as a judge and VBZ his opposition to the king during the civil war .	1	8	VBZ	describes	describe
i was proud of actually finding the part of facebook where i could report this problem some weeks ago , but have had no response , and the problem still exists .	28	30	VBZ	exists	exist
male homosexuality is RB JJ , '' he told the new york times which also noted that bailey intended `` that the phrase means only that genes VBG homosexuality can not be favored by evolution if fewer such genes reach the next generation .	22	23	VBZ	means	mean
although most of these groups are traditionally classified as NNS , the variation among them suggests that some are not closely related to NNS .	12	15	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the question is whether these records carry any educational value , or whether this record keeping might VB to something JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is placed inside a shoe so that its JJ form fits the arch of the foot .	10	11	VBZ	fits	fit
the rise of leslie vernon ( 2006 ) explains and talks extensively about this popular horror film convention ( although in the film , it is referred to as `` survivor girl '' ) , even using it as a major plot device .	1	8	VBZ	explains	explain
this projection is an extension of the JJ singular value NN ( NNP ) to VB learning .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the result page first shows general information ( length , average NN ) .	2	4	VBZ	shows	show
another version says that the baron ordered that his horse be prepared for an important journey , but NNP had VBN .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the title of NNP is an JJ title used commonly by all royal families of kerala .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
your responsibility is to read his article i am fairly certain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
to the east , a bridge crosses NNP creek in front of an inland marsh to connect the NN area to the north end beach and NNP beach .	5	6	VBZ	crosses	cross
this JJ book begins with a table of contents with a list of tables found in the book , followed by a brief introduction on page 4 .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
as the force due to the interaction of electric charges falls off rapidly with increasing distance , the effect of the closer ( opposite NN ) charges is greater and the two objects feel a force of attraction .	2	10	VBZ	falls	fall
though the edit count is rather low , the incredible civility and efficiency shows that the candidate has the capability VBN in that area .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
NNS generally have a marginal ring of processes .	0	2	VBP	have	has
NNP 's absence , her JJ house literally falls apart at the NNS and NNS , killing NNP .	2	8	VBZ	falls	fall
for example , if all NNS that we have observed so far are white , we may VB that the possibility that all NNS are white is reasonable .	23	24	VBP	are	is
the user apparently fails to VB the principles of wikipedia , and threatening someone with an rfc NNS on NN .	1	3	VBZ	fails	fail
keep , fire departments are inherently verifiable , and certainly just as much of interest to readers as our thousands of articles on high schools .	3	4	VBP	are	is
similar customs seem to have existed among the italian peoples .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
the increasing NN of these substances in the environment may explain the increasing NN of breast cancer , though direct evidence is JJ .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
mixed NN minerals are JJ in nature .	2	3	VBP	are	is
every JJ entity maps into a cardinal function but not every cardinal function is the result of the mapping of a JJ entity .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NN , defence VBZ boat bound for customs she will replace sister ship ocean NNP , whose charter is due to VB that year .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the sole source of NN and negative emotions in the NNP world , NNP NNP is the superior of all other NNP .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
and this discussion really belongs on the village pump proposals page .	2	4	VBZ	belongs	belong
the route passes back into jefferson county to pass through NNP , then it VBZ the county line into NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the references need to be VBN using the same style and include all possible information ( author , title , source , publication date , access date , etc .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
the current rfa nominations lineup is the best in JJ history , bar none .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the child protection module , designed in 2010 , provides special training for community management committees ( the 17 member JJ committees established during the NNP to lead development within their communities ) in issues of child protection .	3	9	VBZ	provides	provide
further NNS are on board NN , NNP navigation device , a NNP attitude receiver and a control moment NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the article also indicates that parties shall `` VB to promote , where appropriate , the establishment and maintenance of formal or informal mechanisms , such as advisory groups , whereby [ their ] NN authorities may receive the views of right holders and other relevant NNS .	1	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
one of the aims of his thought is to show that his categories of truth are useful for any type of philosophical NN .	12	15	VBP	are	is
NNP students receive a free or reduced lunch .	1	2	VBP	receive	receives
failure to get the annual budget bill approved by the NNP by march 31 ( 3 months after the start of the fiscal year ) also leads automatically to early elections .	0	26	VBZ	leads	lead
qualities have value for VBG things -- the fact that machines might recognize things without using qualities is beside the point .	0	1	VBP	have	has
players are paired up , and each pair sits across from each other instead of next to each other .	7	8	VBZ	sits	sit
the main objective is to work to change or transform his or her followers ' needs and redirect their thinking .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school has 5 certified public school teachers and a title one coordinator .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
area code CD is a california telephone area code that was split from area code CD on november 14 , 1992 .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the mountain looks like black paper .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
the union includes workers in NNS , candy , NN , sugar , grain mills , tobacco plants , food processing and manufacturing facilities and other related NNS related to these industries .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
note from this viewing angle , the asteroid passes underneath the earth .	0	8	VBZ	passes	pass
the opening sequence of the film shows a white screen with red chinese credits .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show
the JJ white flowers form in NNS between the months of april to july .	3	4	VBP	form	forms
NNP channel 53 , also known as `` el canal del NNP '' ( `` the knowledge channel '' ) , is an educational television station owned and operated by the NNP NNP de NNP león ( NNP ) in NNP , NNP leon .	1	21	VBZ	is	are
a common way of NN is the replacement of a NN group by a hydrogen atom , resulting in a net loss of one carbon and two hydrogen atoms .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the jewish community numbers approximately 600 , 000 , of whom 40 percent are highly JJ , according to press reports .	3	13	VBP	are	is
his publications deal with issues of NN , JJ philosophy , anthropology , human rights , philosophy of law , theory of international law , international criminal law , united nations reform , theory of democracy , etc .	1	2	VBP	deal	deals
although winners receive no financial prize , the award attracts considerable media attention which promotes both the winning authors and of course the sponsors of the prize .	8	9	VBZ	attracts	attract
instead , the top five teams in each conference will qualify for the playoffs and the two conference NNS are entirely separate .	18	19	VBP	are	is
on NNS the NN includes a new programme , NNP NNP ( give way ) , as well as the existing NN an NNP NNP slot .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the chef works with NNP on NNS , NNP on the main courses and NNP on NNS .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the JJ areas are in the west of the canton , whereas the JJ areas are in the east .	14	15	VBP	are	is
special tax NNS are also VBN for industrial projects to complement planning for investment described above .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP programs recognize that for some individuals controlled use is a more realistic possibility .	1	2	VBP	recognize	recognizes
the earliest part of the house dates back to the 17th century , whilst the main body was added in the 18th century and the top of the house was built in the 20th century .	2	6	VBZ	dates	date
the NNP news journal articles are of course the most commonly cited because they have the most detail .	4	5	VBP	are	is
a system is JJ if the number of equations is lower than the number of the variables .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the ideal NN question is one where the NN says , `` UH !	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this is because the NN function is not both JJ and onto .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS appear on the NN , with many of the same characteristics consistently found on other JJ NNP samples .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the political concern derives from the fact that none of the historians from this periods works exclusively in the JJ fields , and had steady political works at the same time .	2	3	VBZ	derives	derive
JJ NN NNP says that the membership numbers reported by la NNP del NNP are JJ given the great interest it has generated among `` religious authorities '' and the following it receives in mexico .	7	14	VBP	are	is
information introduced from the island article is probably not of ga quality and some of it is still unsourced ( although many of it was brought up to a good quality ) .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
conventional NNS can not measure the temperature of an object which is smaller than a NN , and new methods and materials have to be used .	19	22	VBP	have	has
neighboring districts are ( from the southeast NN ) NNP bo , NNP NNP and NNP of NNP NNP province .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the train then travels back up a hill into a JJ brake run .	1	3	VBZ	travels	travel
for a time under british rail direct trains ran to london waterloo , now passengers have to change at NNP to reach london NNP .	14	15	VBP	have	has
a second air attack takes place as fire NNS , police and NNS from NNP try to help the victims .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
the estimated losses include civilians killed in battle during the flight and evacuation in the final months of the war as well as direct JJ actions of violent soldiers , NNS and NN NNS by JJ NNS and individuals in the immediate aftermath of the war .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
if not blocked , this user needs serious NN .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
the film is in JJ NNS format with an audio track in english and NNS in english , spanish , and french .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this section only mentions JJ theories the JJS bit , and then only as a NN for NNP .	1	3	VBZ	mentions	mention
the remaining cartoons will be added to the digital collection as funds become available .	11	12	VBP	become	becomes
license on NNP VBZ no NN and no commercial use .	0	3	VBZ	specifies	specify
look , there is no way that creating this mechanism in itself changes any policy .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP describes this important turning point in a 1999 lead article in the american journal of sociology while global income NN is massive , it has remained relatively steady or declined somewhat in recent years due to rapid income growth in china and india .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
only NNS have high and short body .	1	2	VBP	have	has
just because an idea is true does n't mean it can be proved .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
one argument is that squares are such a simple , JJ JJ shape that the brain automatically looks for them , mentally completing this NN whether it is made explicit or not .	4	5	VBP	are	is
a system VBG on security through NN may have actual security NNS , but its owners or designers deliberately make the system more complex in the hope that NNS are unable to find a NN .	15	19	VBP	make	makes
any source that fails to do this is useless to both wikipedia and to the article .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
their JJ review VBZ that `` it is a work of genius , a ready made rock classic and arguably the last word in rock operas .	2	3	VBZ	declares	declare
the rate of sinking and VBG in speed , determines whether the area VBD is surface , mid or deep water .	1	9	VBZ	determines	determine
the gross structure of line NN is the line NN predicted by JJ electrons with no spin .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
given that all the discussion on the page to date ( most of which is your NN ) has n't managed to `` persuade enough people '' and has resulted in personal attacks and incivility ( from all sides ) , .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
north of us 1 , JJ enters brunswick county just before the highway crosses the NNP river .	12	13	VBZ	crosses	cross
the site gets 37 thousand google hits ( the vast majority from finnish websites ) and has been VBN in finnish print newspapers .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
that power is only limited by the constitution , or any subordinate law ( such as a state constitution ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article is a memorial to those coalition soldiers killed in iraq , 2006 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJR offers produce , meat , fish , bulk foods and coffee , JJ foods , natural bath and body care items , NNS and NNS and , in some locations , beer and wine .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
an information counter provides local information regarding not only tourist attractions in NNP and NNP head but most other coastal areas of georgia and southern south carolina .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
a recall would not VB consist of a vote , but people have to provide points and discussion , making it a community decision , no JJ behavior can hide the truth of NN and actions .	11	12	VBP	have	has
the NNP forever line includes JJ products for the face , body , and products created specifically for men .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the JJ chart shows the position of the NN at the moment of birth .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
these mode NNS are more JJ than other game genres because they reflect actual sports .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the task is JJ with NNS for speed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article contains a JJ photo of her taken at age 5 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
if a page is completely patent nonsense throughout its history , then it can be deleted under criteria for speedy deletion NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at the most basic level , the system works by sending spread spectrum signals down a NN and waiting for those signals to be reflected back to the NNP system .	7	8	VBZ	works	work
NNP , international NNP alphabet , NNP chart for english dialects and there is an article on that , and further resources elsewhere .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
i feel that an admin needs to be able to see through such NN .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
the population of NNP NNP is about 1000 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
one ally of the activist wing claimed that thousands of NNP members are also league of the south members .	8	12	VBP	are	is
NNP activities consist of joint exercises , port visits , JJ practical courses , professional training and community outreach with the coastal nations of africa .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
he developed his own JJ style of commentary and his accent is RB that of a native irish speaker .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
when a ball hits an enemy , it will continue moving in the same direction , VBG walls , and pushing the player backwards slightly .	2	3	VBZ	hits	hit
the results of the JJ afds clearly show consensus that the site is notable , and the claim to notability is clearly stated .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , eu companies have significant problems VBG and operating in the south korean market due to JJ standards and testing requirements for products and services often creating NNS to trade .	3	4	VBP	have	has
its headquarters are in the town of NNP in the west of the area on the NNP highway at .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the subject deserves a NN article .	1	2	VBZ	deserves	deserve
the JJ depth of the reservoir is .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
delete the page is obviously guilty of being non-notable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the case throws NNP into the JJ world of former nazis hired by the u .	1	2	VBZ	throws	throw
this controlled injection helps reduce the sharp NN POS ' .	2	3	VBZ	helps	help
the problem with the schools policy is the way in which it promotes this kind of NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
however , no one is willing to VB him , so they RB take him along .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
kelly , no the block might not have been the best way to go about it , but it worked , was minimal ( as far as blocks go ) , and does not damage your reputation .	27	28	VBP	go	goes
new features include the ability to import and export custom attractions , design custom NNS and NNS , as well as design an JJ NN and a fully three JJ world players can view from all angles .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the only other option is to use passing trucks for transportation .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the players sit on the NNS , ensuring that members of each group are RB distributed around the circle .	1	2	VBP	sit	sits
NNP 's engagement at the iron gates is one of hungary 's more celebrated victories , NNP 's NN of infantry , cavalry and war NNS performed RB to the NN of the turkish commander NNP , who was VBN by the NN of the NNP army .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
her awards and honors include a 2003 NNP ( national NNP for the arts ) fellowship and a NNP NNP writer 's award .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the collectors ' editions feature a NN book showing the NN for the episode .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
her awards include JJ first prize winner of the NNP society competition , and grand prize in the NNP scholarship competition .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the problem is that this list of characters is not notable except in an in world context .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
when an apprentice jockey finishes his NN and becomes a `` fully VBN jockey '' , the nature of their employment and insurance requirements change because they are regarded as `` NN '' , like NNS .	3	4	VBZ	finishes	finish
the song ends with an assertion that `` you ca n't be forever blessed '' before the lyrics return to the idea of work , NN , and resignation .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
local people in NNP usually travel to the town of mount holly for NNS such as gas , food , and NNS .	1	5	VBP	travel	travels
so if function 1 sends data to function 2 , the data elements would be placed in the box to the right of function 1 .	2	4	VBZ	sends	send
also the list should likely spell out why reliable sources think these names are unusual as we write for a variety of readers who may not understand what is considered NN .	12	13	VBP	are	is
his daughter , NNP , grows up in this environment and eventually VBZ a new green house , where NNP plays his music .	1	5	VBZ	grows	grow
the fact remains that this JJ bond is a RB JJ job .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the film has 7 original songs , the soundtrack was released in 1999 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the name `` NNP '' derives from the name given by the NNP people , who still live on cape NNP island ( but not in NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	derives	derive
a JJ common room with JJ NNS and internet access , known as the NN , provides a comfortable place for our students to study and VB between classes .	3	16	VBZ	provides	provide
these databases often include other NN data such as NNP and mass NN .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
this website contains a complete database of uniform designs for every major league team in every season .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the party is one of the NNS of the christian democratic appeal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if this is the same teenager from before , about 20 years RB do it .	11	13	VBP	do	does
the dealer deals out all the cards to all players , as RB as possible .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
the information is highly valuable for the [ [ india and state terrorism ] ] article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nature of NNP and NNP NNP is to VB with their sister IN eating and destroying rice crop , which is why both are the considered as the NNS of NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
i think the nhl project needs a NN and needs to consider the history of the franchise , not individual instances of it .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
it means that the root causes of the problems in the NNP topic area are unrelated to civility and therefore VBG civility will not resolve the problems in the topic area .	5	14	VBP	are	is
according to the NNP , the us healthcare industry VBZ over 8 .	8	9	VBZ	generates	generate
according to google scholar that article , published in 1967 , has a VBG total of 6 citations , none from JJ sources .	5	11	VBZ	has	have
finite element means that NNP is bounded for all n .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the article title in question is extremely pov and JJ in nature .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
their story VBZ heavily around tracking down and protecting seven NNPS ; magical pieces of NN capable of generating JJ power when assembled from a mysterious man known only as black NNP and his NNS .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
there , most of the dialogue between the two consists of NNP trying to explain to o'brien that his character is JJ in the show .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the family contains 6 genera , and CD species .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
so , it is not automatic that a current candidate is sufficiently notable .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
north bound trains usually continue beyond NNP to chester and NNP where as south bound trains usually continue to either cardiff or birmingham .	2	4	VBP	continue	continues
he VBZ the hotel room to VB , and when NNP 's NNS enter the room , it VBZ , breaking the entire room off into the ocean .	12	13	VBP	enter	enters
the royal NNP fish processing plant at the port is the largest within NNP and is amongst the most modern JJ factories in the world .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 4 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the orchestra and the choir often perform at st david 's hall in cardiff and at other venues throughout wales .	4	6	VBP	perform	performs
most obviously , the idea that two NNS could carry a NN all the way to NNP square during a large celebration seems highly JJ .	4	22	VBZ	seems	seem
the physical heart is visible ; the JJ heart is JJ and its emotions are JJ ; the spiritual heart is invisible .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
certainly , discussion is welcome in the course of achieving ( or attempting to achieve ) consensus on the matter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main variants of NNP are a JJ woodland pattern , and desert patterns in two , three or four colours .	2	5	VBP	are	is
NNP 's economy is predominantly a service sector NN 2001 , 34 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the members are NNP ( noah NNP ) and NNP ( eric NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the news seems to quite clearly state that the article needs to have some sort of major update in order to qualify for NNP .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
mainstream NNS believe that economic NNS can be largely VBN by increasing money supply during economic NNS .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
however , as soviet sources about the events are JJ , the topic has not been RB VBN .	4	8	VBP	are	is
not nitrogen -- most active metals VBP with it and some even have specific warning labels about not using nitrogen atmosphere .	5	6	VBP	react	reacts
pov warriors who decide that what the project really needs is for someone to come along and JJ all articles of interest to them from their own pov , which they believe is the `` truth '' .	7	9	VBZ	needs	need
the top ones are almost certainly serial ports .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in JJ NNP landscape , ( 1979 ) and NNP landscape after NNP , ( 1980 ) , the landscape contains a steel NN which frames a detail from the same scene .	19	20	VBZ	contains	contain
regarding the length of the cycle , three significant scholarly studies devoted to the jubilee and NNP years agree that it was 49 years , while VBG somewhat on the interpretation of the other issues involved .	10	18	VBP	agree	agrees
the route continues into the london boundary of middlesex centre at .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
other lakes VBN to contain the NN are NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP mask and NNP NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the NN shell is also a deep part of hindu symbolic and religious tradition .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
alternative NNS of this last name include NNP ( NN ) and NNP ( NN ) .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
NNS are able sign players after the NNP auction , as replacement of contracted players who are not available to play due to injuries and national NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in NN studies , repeated NN treatment produces JJ behavioral NN ( or reverse tolerance ) to some of the drug 's effects .	6	7	VBZ	produces	produce
common aesthetic design principles include NN , edge NN , NN , flow , NN , NN , color , NN , the interaction of NN and shadows , NN , and harmony .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
because its bill is short , it VBZ at small flowers , including those in the genera NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while , consumption of new food items is inclined by the availability of native ingredients , convenience and cost , therefore an immediate change is likely to occur .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the novel is a NN of the hindu epic NNP told from NNP 's ( NNP 's ) viewpoint .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many of his NNS are physical , claiming that the poems represent JJ forces ; or ethical , that they contain VBG VBD messages .	10	11	VBP	represent	represents
i think the article is in good shape , but it still needs more work to get to fa status .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the main hills are NNP , located 7 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the story involves NNP , whose father , a colonel in the us army , is VBG experiments being performed with NNP .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
luis NNP 's father , NNP ( NNP NNP ) is a man running a secret NN business in the city .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
article 17 of the treaty on european union , as amended by the treaty of lisbon , VBZ out the procedure for VBG the president and his team .	0	17	VBZ	lays	lay
this account 's only edits are to almost entirely to my talk page VBG the addition of a trivia tag to paris NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the article feels a little bit JJ at the moment .	1	2	VBZ	feels	feel
where reasonable doubt exists , discussion using another method under the deletion policy should occur instead .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
a common application of NNP is the study of patterns of gene expression .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
at least some of these reverts are reasonable , the latest user 's comment ends with `` maybe lucky should go get a life .	13	14	VBZ	ends	end
they stop at a JJ NN , where NNP tries calling home , but fails because he believes his phone number is JJ .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the structure has three floors and has well preserved NNS and images of the JJ century .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
even with oil market NNS , prices for gasoline in the united states are among the lowest in the JJ world ; this is principally due to lower taxes .	6	13	VBP	are	is
JJ cancer is any type of cancer that forms in the NNS of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the patient eventually loses his hearing .	1	3	VBZ	loses	lose
its stations carry the letter h followed by a number .	1	2	VBP	carry	carries
perhaps we should explain to the user why the pictures are unnecessary .	9	10	VBP	are	is
fringe JJ candidates who might not have a shot have their say .	2	9	VBP	have	has
the movement ends without a NN .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the NNP code is CD , and the community is inside area code CD .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this category comprises user templates related to kosovo .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
my reason is always the same - wikipedia lists require explicit definitions , and none of these pages have one .	8	9	VBP	require	requires
being NN is an important NN job .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most notable current players are former australian bowler doug NNP and nsw players grant lambert and ben NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
they are also interested in how the contest participants develop the solution .	8	9	VBP	develop	develops
the sunday times noted , `` the colleges are JJ communities within the university and enjoy a healthy rivalry .	7	8	VBP	are	is
once a debate gets to this point ( i .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
NN in his works halfway between spy stories and science fiction ; on another side , annie NNP 's NN plate ( `` flat writing '' ) tries to VB the distance between reality and its NN .	20	27	VBZ	tries	try
the version of `` my hotel year '' that appears on this ep is the electric version and contains an extra verse at the end .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
some scholars feel that under the liberal divorce policy of NNP men had been VBG woman and then RB VBG them after they lost interest , deeply VBG the women .	1	2	VBP	feel	feels
the NNP trunk road taking traffic along the south coast between NNP and southampton passes to the south of the town .	3	14	VBZ	passes	pass
but you already knew this fact that administrators also agree with me , yet you are hell bent on VBG otherwise .	7	9	VBP	agree	agrees
the fruit is a black NN , eaten by a variety of NN birds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the episode `` unexpected '' , NNP visits isaac , but the painter tells her that he thinks peter might have left new york ( though he is in fact aware that he is still somewhere in the city ) .	13	14	VBZ	tells	tell
however the article on NNP includes many of the controversial instances they have faced .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
her duties , authority and method of election are similar to those of an NN .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the article provides no sources with which to verify any of the information or claims , and i see no valid rationale for keeping this article .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the chart is obviously for draft editing purposes ( VB down the article to see it ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ trips to NNP square provide 10 minute NNS to that town during JJ peak hours , and 30 minute service levels on NNS and NNS .	1	5	VBP	provide	provides
weak keep the article quality needs to be cleaned up , and reliable sources added , but i VBP toward keeping it if it can be fixed up .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
the northern terminus is at the maryland state line in NNP ford , where the route continues into cumberland as maryland route 61 upon crossing the north branch of the NNP river .	15	16	VBZ	continues	continue
his awards include an oscar for all that jazz in 1980 and an emmy for the acclaimed 1985 tv version of death of a NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the first person to travel to america from krishna district , NNP NNP mohammed is also from NNP , who served as the first secretary and later NN at the indian embassy in washington for 30 years from 1949 to 1979 .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
a wind causes the screenplay to fall to the road below , and the two pick it up and decide to use NNP 's ideas themselves .	1	2	VBZ	causes	cause
keep , this page also exists on my wiki and NNP is not a small company .	3	5	VBZ	exists	exist
the school colours are grey and green , and the sports teams compete under the name of patriots .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the white sea fossils and the surrounding NNS also show that NNP lived on the surface of the JJ .
